{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red106\green62\blue62;\red63\green127\blue95;
\red42\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;
\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 package
\f1\b0 \cf0  university;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JOptionPane;\

\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 class
\f1\b0 \cf0  university \{\
\
	
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  main(String[] \cf3 args\cf0 ) \
	\
	\{\
		String \cf3 name\cf0 ;\
		
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 student\cf0 ;\
		
\f0\b \cf2 double
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 tuition\cf0 =0; \
		\cf3 name\cf0 =
\f2\i get_name
\f1\i0 ();\
		\cf3 student\cf0 =
\f2\i studentin
\f1\i0 ();\
		\cf3 tuition\cf0 =
\f2\i compute
\f1\i0 (\cf3 student\cf0 );\
		
\f2\i final_print
\f1\i0 (\cf3 name\cf0 ,\cf3 student\cf0 ,\cf3 tuition\cf0 );\
		System.
\f2\i exit
\f1\i0 (0);\
		\}\
	\cf4 // This method reads in the name of a University and passes it back. \cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  String get_name()\
	\{\
		String \cf3 name\cf0 ;\
		\cf3 name\cf0 =JOptionPane.
\f2\i showInputDialog
\f1\i0 (
\f0\b \cf2 null
\f1\b0 \cf0 ,\cf5 "Enter the name of a university: "\cf0 ,\
				\cf5 "Input Data"\cf0 ,JOptionPane.
\f3\i\b \cf6 QUESTION_MESSAGE
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );	\
		
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 name\cf0 ;\
	\}\
\
\cf4 // This method reads in the number of students enrolled and passes it back.\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  studentin()\
	\{\
		String \cf3 data\cf0 ;\
		
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 student\cf0 ;\
	    \cf3 data\cf0 =JOptionPane.
\f2\i showInputDialog
\f1\i0 (
\f0\b \cf2 null
\f1\b0 \cf0 ,\cf5 "Enter the number of students enrolled:  "\cf0 ,\
			\cf5 "Input Data"\cf0 ,JOptionPane.
\f3\i\b \cf6 QUESTION_MESSAGE
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );	\
	    \cf3 student\cf0 =Integer.
\f2\i parseInt
\f1\i0 (\cf3 data\cf0 );\
	    
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 student\cf0 ;\
	\}\
\
\cf4 // This method calculates the tuition as 20000 times the number of students and passes it back.	\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 double
\f1\b0 \cf0  compute(
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 student\cf0 )\
	\{\
		
\f0\b \cf2 double
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 tuition\cf0 ;\
		\cf3 tuition\cf0  = 20000*\cf3 student\cf0 ;\
	    
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 tuition\cf0 ;\
	\}\
\
\cf4 // This method prints the name of the University, the number of students enrolled, and the total tuition.\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  final_print(String \cf3 name\cf0 , 
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 student\cf0 ,
\f0\b \cf2 double
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf3 tuition\cf0 )\
	\{\
		System.
\f3\i\b \cf6 out
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf5 "The name of the University: "\cf0 +\cf3 name\cf0 +\cf5 "\\n"\cf0 );\
		System.
\f3\i\b \cf6 out
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf5 "The total number of students enrolled: "\cf0 +\cf3 student\cf0 +\cf5 "\\n"\cf0 );\
		System.
\f3\i\b \cf6 out
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf5 "The tuition: "\cf0 +\cf3 tuition\cf0 );\
	\}\
\}}